
Bella Rosa Village
Lambertus van Zyl, visionary MD of Propergation Management Services, purchased 4 ha of unzoned vacant land on Durban Road in Tyger Valley a long time ago, seeing long term potential in the land.   His vision has proved right – today this site houses the prestigious Bella Rosa Village development.

The mixed-use development in excess of R300 million was developed by a partnership between then Propergation Estates (now Propergation Management Services), Power Developments and Atterbury Cape, comprises approximately 13 500m2 of A-grade offices, 210 residential units and 21 single residential erven. The development was completed during 2009.

Today Bella Rosa Village is a popular office node home to many top businesses.

Framed by the Stellenbosch mountains and Tygerberg Hills, and just a stones throw from the northern suburbs mainstream, close to schools, shops and the surrounding suburbs, Bella Rosa Village commands the perfect location in the fast growing Tyger Valley node. With effortless access from the major highways, it is also within easy reach of Cape Town CBD, the airport, the winelands and surrounds.

The architecture has the charm of a traditional Italian village and while the arched facades, roofscapes, wooden shuttered windows, flowerboxes, balconies, courtyards, cobbled walkways and wrought iron lanterns accentuate the rural flavour, the hi-tech design and contemporary finishes ensures elegant interiors. The attractive landscaped environment incorporates water features and trees enhancing the tranquil rural atmosphere.




Photograph:
Pictured here are investor Domingo Branquinho and agent Sarita Edwards. Mr Branquinho purchased Catnia, one of the commercial buildings in Bella Rosa Village, for R18,5m. Contact Johan Store on 083 724 3165 or 021 914 6444 or email: johan@propergation.co.za for more information.

 
A state-of-the-art lifestyle centre caters for sporting and social amenities – including a boardroom, auditorium, juice bar and restaurant, braai facilities, a training pool, squash courts and a fully equipped gymnasium with treadmills, cycles and a fitness circuit – all managed by an in-house bio-kinetic instructor and personal trainer.

Security is of course paramount at Bella Rosa Village.  Supervised 24-hour CCTV as well as patrol and front gate security ensures safety and protection.  Manned portals afford access control with minimum red tape.  There is convenient and secure open and basement parking and the perimeter is fully fenced.

The excellent location and good visibility from Durban Road, combined with the various amenities in the Lifestyle Centre, 24-hour security, all in an atmosphere of tranquillity, makes Bella Rosa Village a most sought after business address in the Cape.

Contact Johan Store, Sales & Leasing Manager for Propergation Management Services for sales & leasing opportunities. Johan is available on landline 021 914 6444 or email: johan@propergation.co.za.


Sectional Title Offices For Sale/To Let
A-grade office space
Limited office and retail opportunities available
Tyger Valley area
Secure office environment
Easy access & good visibility from Durban Road
Excellent signage exposure
Free gym membership
Lifestyle Centre with conferencing facilities
Availability to be confirmed
Sales prices and rental tariffs to be confirmed